Well, let me ask you for some advice you've been through one heck of a career,
one heck of a life. What advice would you give to a young person today?
Well, in wrestling, I, I,
I think wrestling's really a microcosm of what your life's gonna be.
And that's why one of the things that I stress the kids is like,
if we can go through this now and you figure, I, I, I've a couple kids,
you're struggling certain, if you can figure it out this now in wrestling,
it's gonna be a lot better.
Figure it out now and get over this mental hump than when you're 32 and you have
two kids and right. And your job's not going well, it's gonna be a lot worse.
It's gonna be a lot more painful then let's, let's figure it out now.
So a lot of these things, a lot of these lessons we can learn from wrestling,
whether it's persistence or perseverance or work ethic, or, you know, I said,
wrestles show up on time and they work hard, right? These things,
if we can learn these things at an early age,
those are gen those characteristic characteristics will generally carry on
throughout our life.
And those are the things that are gonna make us really successful. So, um,
you know,
I would say finding great coach someone who's gonna spend a lot of time and put
a lot of time into you and make sure they have a lot of wisdom and steal all the
wisdom that you can from them.
And then though, if you can be successful at one thing, generally,
whatever that recipe was that took you to be successful with that,
apply it to everything else, right. Apply it to the rest of your life,
apply it to, uh, getting a wife that you enjoy, uh, apply it to, uh,
living in a place you wanna live doing a job you want to do right there.
There's so many possibilities and,
and you just have to be bold enough to go take those chances.
It's interesting, cuz like early on in life is when you have much more time.
Like people don't realize this time to learn the lessons.
Like somehow later in life you get busier responsibilities and all that kind of
stuff. Like high school's a magical time in college, like college. Yeah,
for sure. Yeah. There's so much time. <laugh> right. Learn. Well, you didn't.
Have kids yet. Yeah. I don't have kids.
Cause it still fills up. Well,
no I on purpose and I did something that many people don't seem to be able to
do. I walked away from a lot of responsibilities. Just how by saying goodbye.
Oh, okay. By like, but you know, meetings like there,
everybody on me at MIT was like meetings fill the day and then you have
more projects and you do a great job and you become successful.
And then the more meetings fill the day and more responsibilities as opposed to
like, wait a minute, do I want to be involved in all these things? Uh,
and instead,
do I want to find one or two things to re really focus on and
that's what I choose. But like yeah, that becomes harder and harder and harder.
You get older.
No. What I mean? I'm sure. And, and, and also the more success you have,
you become sought after other places. Yeah, too. I'm I'm sure that's happening.
With you. And it's hard to say, keep saying no, no, no. Saying those hard.
Yeah. Yeah.